Change 'test cases' to 'examples' as required by ACT Rules Format 1.1 (#2352)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: pages/design/rule-design.md

6. **[Accessibility Support](#accessibility-support)**: Provide information on any known feature support issues from assistive technologies or user agents.

> 7. **[examples](#examples)**: Define a range of code examples that demonstrate pass, fail and inapplicable outcomes for readers and for validating implementations.

Reviewer: to avoid using the term in the term's definition -

```suggestion
7. **[examples](#examples)**: Define a range of code snippets that demonstrate pass, fail and inapplicable outcomes for readers and for validating implementations.
```

> _For example: "This page has a `title` element with content."_

> For a detailed description on what to write examples for see [example design](../test-cases). For more details, see [ACT Rules Format: examples](https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format/#examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed description on what to include in examples, see [example design](../examples). For more details, see [ACT Rules Format: examples](https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format/#examples).
```

Author: Thanks for catching this. Indeed, we should update the path here.
